README.md, before:

# OpenVPN and Transmission with WebUI

[![CircleCI builds](https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/haugene/docker-transmission-openvpn)](https://circleci.com/gh/haugene/docker-transmission-openvpn)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/haugene/transmission-openvpn.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/haugene/transmission-openvpn/)

This container contains OpenVPN and Transmission with a configuration
where Transmission is running only when OpenVPN has an active tunnel.
It has built in support for many popular VPN providers to make the setup easier.

## Read this first

The documentation for this image is hosted on GitHub pages:

https://haugene.github.io/docker-transmission-openvpn/

If you can't find what you're looking for there, please have a look
in the [discussions](https://github.com/haugene/docker-transmission-openvpn/discussions)
as we're trying to use that for general questions.

If you have found what you believe to be an issue or bug, create an issue and provide
enough details for us to have a chance to reproduce it or undertand what's going on.
**NB:** Be sure to search for similar issues (open and closed) before opening a new one.

### Just started having problems?

We've just merged a larger release from dev to the master branch.
This means that the `latest` tag of this image now is version 4.0.

If this release causes issues for you, try running the latest 3.x release:
`haugene/transmission-openvpn:3.7.1`. Note that this is a temporary fix,
there will not be any more releases on the 3.x line.

Any instabilities with 4.0, please take it up in the 4.0 release discussion:
[https://github.com/haugene/docker-transmission-openvpn/discussions/1936](https://github.com/haugene/docker-transmission-openvpn/discussions/1936)

## Quick Start

These examples shows valid setups using PIA as provider for both
docker run and docker-compose. Note that you should read some documentation
at some point, but this is a good place to start.

### Docker run

```
$ docker run --cap-add=NET_ADMIN -d \
              -v /your/storage/path/:/data \
              -e OPENVPN_PROVIDER=PIA \
              -e OPENVPN_CONFIG=france \
              -e OPENVPN_USERNAME=user \
              -e OPENVPN_PASSWORD=pass \
              -e LOCAL_NETWORK=192.168.0.0/16 \
              --log-driver json-file \
              --log-opt max-size=10m \
              -p 9091:9091 \
              haugene/transmission-openvpn
```

### Docker Compose
```
version: '3.3'
services:
    transmission-openvpn:
        cap_add:
            - NET_ADMIN
        volumes:
            - '/your/storage/path/:/data'
        environment:
            - OPENVPN_PROVIDER=PIA
            - OPENVPN_CONFIG=france
            - OPENVPN_USERNAME=user
            - OPENVPN_PASSWORD=pass
            - LOCAL_NETWORK=192.168.0.0/16
        logging:
            driver: json-file
            options:
                max-size: 10m
        ports:
            - '9091:9091'
        image: haugene/transmission-openvpn
```

## Please help out (about:maintenance)
This image was created for my own use, but sharing is caring, so it had to be open source.
It has now gotten quite popular, and that's great! But keeping it up to date, providing support, fixes
and new features takes time. If you feel that you're getting a good tool and want to support it, there are a couple of options:

A small montly amount through [![Donate with Patreon](images/patreon.png)](https://www.patreon.com/haugene) or
a one time donation with [![Donate with PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=73XHRSK65KQYC)

All donations are greatly appreciated! Another great way to contribute is of course through code.
A big thanks to everyone who has contributed so far!

Commit message:

added build instead of image to readme docker compose file

README.md, after:

# my edits
I've gone ahead and added a modified verison of the stylesheet from [transmission-web-soft-theme](https://github.com/diesys/transmission-web-soft-theme) to the build, as well as set the `docker-compose.yml` file to build from this repo instead.


# OpenVPN and Transmission with WebUI

[![CircleCI builds](https://img.shields.io/circleci/build/github/haugene/docker-transmission-openvpn)](https://circleci.com/gh/haugene/docker-transmission-openvpn)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/haugene/transmission-openvpn.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/haugene/transmission-openvpn/)

This container contains OpenVPN and Transmission with a configuration
where Transmission is running only when OpenVPN has an active tunnel.
It has built in support for many popular VPN providers to make the setup easier.

## Read this first

The documentation for this image is hosted on GitHub pages:

https://haugene.github.io/docker-transmission-openvpn/

If you can't find what you're looking for there, please have a look
in the [discussions](https://github.com/haugene/docker-transmission-openvpn/discussions)
as we're trying to use that for general questions.

If you have found what you believe to be an issue or bug, create an issue and provide
enough details for us to have a chance to reproduce it or undertand what's going on.
**NB:** Be sure to search for similar issues (open and closed) before opening a new one.

### Just started having problems?

We've just merged a larger release from dev to the master branch.
This means that the `latest` tag of this image now is version 4.0.

If this release causes issues for you, try running the latest 3.x release:
`haugene/transmission-openvpn:3.7.1`. Note that this is a temporary fix,
there will not be any more releases on the 3.x line.

Any instabilities with 4.0, please take it up in the 4.0 release discussion:
[https://github.com/haugene/docker-transmission-openvpn/discussions/1936](https://github.com/haugene/docker-transmission-openvpn/discussions/1936)

## Quick Start

These examples shows valid setups using PIA as provider for both
docker run and docker-compose. Note that you should read some documentation
at some point, but this is a good place to start.

### Docker run

```
$ docker run --cap-add=NET_ADMIN -d \
              -v /your/storage/path/:/data \
              -e OPENVPN_PROVIDER=PIA \
              -e OPENVPN_CONFIG=france \
              -e OPENVPN_USERNAME=user \
              -e OPENVPN_PASSWORD=pass \
              -e LOCAL_NETWORK=192.168.0.0/16 \
              --log-driver json-file \
              --log-opt max-size=10m \
              -p 9091:9091 \
              haugene/transmission-openvpn
```

### Docker Compose
```
version: '3.3'
services:
    transmission-openvpn:
        cap_add:
            - NET_ADMIN
        volumes:
            - '/your/storage/path/:/data'
        environment:
            - OPENVPN_PROVIDER=PIA
            - OPENVPN_CONFIG=france
            - OPENVPN_USERNAME=user
            - OPENVPN_PASSWORD=pass
            - LOCAL_NETWORK=192.168.0.0/16
        logging:
            driver: json-file
            options:
                max-size: 10m
        ports:
            - '9091:9091'
        build: https://github.com/revarcline/docker-transmission-openvpn.git
```

## Please help out (about:maintenance)
This image was created for my own use, but sharing is caring, so it had to be open source.
It has now gotten quite popular, and that's great! But keeping it up to date, providing support, fixes
and new features takes time. If you feel that you're getting a good tool and want to support it, there are a couple of options:

A small montly amount through [![Donate with Patreon](images/patreon.png)](https://www.patreon.com/haugene) or
a one time donation with [![Donate with PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=73XHRSK65KQYC)

All donations are greatly appreciated! Another great way to contribute is of course through code.
A big thanks to everyone who has contributed so far!
